# pandas-challengeThe summary for the Challenge 4 Pandas, PyCitySchools, main.py1. After reading and merging our two .csv files, in the District Summary section, we found:- The total number of schools and total count of students,- The total budget for all the schools,- The average math scores and reading scores in all schools,- The percentage of students who passed in math, reading, and overall.At the end of this section, we showed all the calculations we did in a Data Frame.2. In the School Summary section, we found:- The type of each school, - The total count of students in each school,- The spending per student,- The average test score for each student,- Showed the schools with average math and reading scores of 70 and higher,- Showed the schools that passed math and reading scores of 70 and higher- The percentage of passing rates in math, reading, and overall,At the end of this section, we showed the Data Frame with all calculations above. 3. In the next sections, we found:- The top and the bottom performing schools,- The math and reading scores by grade,- Scores by school spending, school size, and school type,After the last few sections, we showed the Data Frame with the values we found above. The conclusions for the Challenge 4 Pandas, PyCitySchools, main.pyAfter all the manipulations we did with the provided data, we can come to two conclusions:* It appears that students in schools with lower spending per capita are performing better in math and reading, as evidenced by their higher passing rates in these subjects. This may be due to a variety of factors, such as the efficiency of the school's resources, the effectiveness of the teaching staff, or the involvement and support of the community. Regardless of the specific reason, it is clear that lower spending per capita does not necessarily equate to lower academic achievement. In fact, in this case, it seems to be associated with better performance.* Also, we can see that students in smaller schools are performing better in math and reading. The factors affecting it could be different, such as a more personalized and supportive learning environment, closer relationships between students and teachers, or a stronger sense of community. Smaller schools may also have more flexibility and autonomy in decision-making, which can allow them to better meet the needs of their students. Overall, it seems that smaller schools are able to provide high-quality education and promote academic success for their students.